Hello hello everyone how are you all this
video is for educational purpose only the
credit of Raj's video goes right I did
not ignore Kumari ji's question I
commented in the comment section that this is an income protect policy
this policy is basically a protection
plan for all those people who are
working with an employer on their payroll so
this is a protection plan
where you will get loss income which is financial
protection in a way if the job goes ahead
then there will be loss income so under this plan
you will start getting ministerial benefits
when I surgical procedure Anirudh news that
fitness center is back cover accidental death
Anirudh news disability under the news
hospital cash benefit also interpress
I will explain everything in detail with example this
entry is for 18 to 65 years right this plan you can
say that it is for lifelong
you can take retirement till this so first of all
we talk about the benefit which is loss income
Loss income means if
someone has taken this plan normally
In the scenario, his job is good and it has been 30 days since he
lost his job. In such a situation, when at the
time of taking the policy, whatever has already been decided
with understanding, what percentage will it be,
he will get it in the form of loss corporation. For
example, Mr. X had considered it to be worth ₹1, he had
decided that
0.01 percent of the understanding at the time of taking the policy should be
in the form of loss corporation. If he loses his job, then
in that case, he will
start getting Rs. 10,000 per month. Now, there are terms and
conditions in this too, which I will explain to you carefully now. The
first thing is
that those who are going to take this policy, it should be six
months since they are
working on the employer's payroll, only then will they be able to take it.
Second thing, it has been 30 days since they lost their job
continuously, only after that will they
start getting this benefit. Okay, along with this, the
next condition in this is that
if someone loses his job, then it is
presented to him by the company, as
I have also written in Hindi.  The thing
here is that you will have to wait till the selected S in the money.
After losing the job, even if the
person dies, the claim
is received here, just like
we would have decided here while taking the policy.
Now suppose you have
taken this policy, okay, and you lose your job,
but you yourself have given self-flagellation due to violating the rules in termination, you have
taken voluntary retirement, or you were part of a strike, you were
part of this camp, you had
taken such leave, either maternity leave, or
parenting duty leave. Your behavior is that relation, then in such a case
you will get any
benefit of the corporation. Okay, and the
insurance company
can also stop presenting the monthly income if you are
not taking measurable reasonable steps to find a job.
Now, while coming, you will get a list of major surgical
procedures, which are 127 procedures and drop
back cover, you can
join it in the Telegram group, you will get the
link to the Telegram channel in Dusan.  You will get it
at the place of joining, okay, so
107 here surgical procedures come under the cover,
25% to 50% will be given as per your understanding, the
rest of the policy with the understanding will remain
suspended and will continue,
later on, here
I had a
practical in the central back cover yesterday, and there is a
waiting period of ninety days in it, now by not
worrying, it will keep coming on your skin,
you can read it comfortably by using it
or you can also take a screenshot of it,
if you have already joined the Telegram channel, then
today you will get to know its
benefit, I will easily provide
this type of list to those who are on the related Telegram, I will
send it here myself, so I will tell
you this, so please like the
video and you should also
join the problem, okay, now there are some
conditions of this also, like if someone already has a
critical illness, then that matter will not be covered
or pre  Exactly because of these health conditions,
critical illness due to which the insurance will
not be covered. If it is
fickleness due to congenital diseases, then the insurance will not be covered. Or due to
pregnancy or due to
delivery, if the child gets
injured here or gets injured, then also it will
not be covered. Now let's talk about the
next benefit here which is personal
accident cover.
Accidental death cover comes under this. If accidental
death occurs here, then you must understand that such
things will be claimed as stated
in the policy. What will be your deposit at the
time of taking the policy and this plan will be closed.
Or suppose
if that happens within 165 days due to an injury, then you will
get the insurance cover immediately
and the policy will be closed. Now comes the matter of
permanent total disbursement, that is,
permanent disability. Now,
due to X, you got injured and the insurance was getting cured from the injury. It was
repeatedly felt that it would get cured but it did
not get cured within the next 365 days.  If it
turns into permanent disability, then
in such a case, the claim up to the specified limit will be given,
okay, but if there is
permanent disability in more than one house, then up to the
award will be given and there will be losses as per the policy.
Now see, it can also happen that
someone gets permanent disability and we
go to submit the claim and
there is a delay, then in such a case, only the claim for accidental
death will be given, the
claim for permanent disability will
not be available here, okay, and
for permanent disability, the insurance company will offer you
only the life years in a lifetime through this policy, that is, it will
decide only the lives in a lifetime for one person, and the company has made the policy for permanent
disability, so if the
claims are made, then it is
not going to be accepted there. Now let's
talk about parcel permanent disability, for that, you will get
compensation from 2% to 70%, the rest will remain continuous,
so E7 is this parcel disability,
you will get that cover under it.  It is on the skin
and keep one thing in mind that if this problem occurs
in the next 365 days from the date of the accident, you will get it
and I will also provide it to you on the Telegram group. It is
not clearly visible here, so now comes the matter of
temporary total disbursement, meaning that there is total
temporary disability.
Now here the checkup is being done
but it is not possible to find out what is there and what is not there, so
what will the company do in such a situation, it will provide it
only for five weeks, okay,
like there is radiological sparing, imaging,
neurological testing,
if it is not detected in that, then the
claim will be made on the company only for 5 weeks, but if it is detected, then
as per the decision you made while taking the policy,
you will keep getting benefits
and if it is a parcel
disability and is covered in hearing disability,
then in the same way
you will get the benefit in only one category,
not in both the categories. Now comes the matter of
disappearance benefit, it is mysterious, so
see, as if we are leaving home  If he is going to work
and such a bed becomes valid then it has been 365
days and it has been valid then in such a situation the
remaining period of the policy will be valid
for the nominee. I say again, if someone is
going to work and he dies then in
such a case the amount of money will be valid
but this thing
should be certified by the police authorities, that is the police authority should
say that it could not find the person,
then it will be valid. The second condition is
that in such a case the installed person is
not travelling in a private vehicle,
he should be a common carrier,
public transport, common carrier, etc.
and if the deceased is found
after the claim is paid then the
company will take back all the money. Now let's
come to hospital cash benefit, if the claimed
person falls ill, he gets an
injury and due to that he has to be admitted in the hospital,
if normal means
his treatment is necessary, it is necessary to stay for 24 hours, only then
he will get cover here, like for one
example, if normal  In the scenario,
while taking the policy, he decided that
he should get ₹2000 per day, right, and if I
am in this then ₹4000, then what is the single amount, if you add
₹2000 then it becomes double, ₹
4000, so you will get it in this way, whichever you use,
for ICU it is just double, okay, there
is a waiting period of 30 days,
this cover will come only after taking the first 30 days policy, there is a waiting period of two years for
this benefit, for the
health condition of the loved one, it is okay, now
with this,
if someone gets a cosmetic
surgery done for an antique look
or for weight reduction,
for this exchange, Darshan
Jariwala had dental done, then no claim will be made for it,
but if it is an accidental case, then you will
get it, right, now in all types of
benefits, except hospital cash benefit,
you will have to wait for nineties here.  You
get a ticket with free space - but there
is a waiting period of 24 months for pre-existing diseases. For the
rest of the diseases that I have told you about, you will
definitely get them on Telegram and adventure sports are a
part of permanent estrogen, remember this thing
and you must watch these two videos,
if you take this plan, you are
getting the benefit of portability in it, so you
must watch the video on positivity
and you must watch the video on addition of health insurance
because I will not repeat that thing here,
so please like the video and
subscribe to the channel,
this is what motivates us and to
bring this kind of information, one really has to
read a lot, when you join Telegram
then you will know how much hard work goes
behind this video, thank you so much